Hello, everyone.
So we have successfully created functions for songs, finding songs and adding songs to the playlist.
And now we are going to use those great functions inside our main Java class.
So inside the main class we have created like two albums, Album one and album, both named for the
first album is Album one and then for the second album.
So these are two random artist, and these are some random songs that I am adding to the music library.
So I guess now this album, dark and album is used to add songs to the album now so that we have the
band and add a list for our songs in the album.
Now we are using the list for our songs to the playlist.
Like me, I've stated this in songs Class Me as like the album Glass.
Yes, so we have created a lengthy list, and I explained to you that consequence of using a list like
it has appointed to the previous elements and the next element.
So the songs are connected to the previous track and the next track.
Our current song may navigate to the previous track and the current track we navigate through that next
track like we can navigate between these songs.
Now, after that, we have created a playlist and added songs to the playlist using album that gets
under the name of the playlist as Playlist one.
So let me go on this playlist, my using this play list slash one.
Yes, this is the way of calling.
Now, so that we have created this, we have to clear a creator may function so far, creating that
play function.
We are going to use private static void and play.
The name of the function is play.
We have already created a mean function.
Now we are creating a play function.
So the arguments and saying that function is song like the playlist in the form of link list and the
name of the linked list is playlist so perfect?
We have created this function for playing the songs in that playlist.
Now we have those scan.
I hope that you are aware about the scan function inside Java.
Like, if there's also a concept involved in the basic Java like basics of Java and scanning is used
to scan.
Let's take some input from the user and according to that input, it gives output to the user in the
compiler.
Like there are things in there, the program is running, but then it may be determined there the separately
not so a scanner is going to work in that way now so that we have implemented the scanner.
Firstly, we have to import this scanner using our Yotel dot scanner and it is done in sort of, you
know, scanner.
Firstly, we have to import the scanner using that Java.
You do package similarly for the list decorator that we are threatening to do the link list, so we
have to import that also.
So we have importing the scanner, we have imported that list there and now we are able to go so moving
forward.
So now that we have input and so value from the user now after scanning the value, like we have several
options, we can see that we have zero one two three four five six options from which use that has to
select one of them.
And after scanning, that's what value is input.
Now we will perform several tasks like firstly, if we like, if we are inputting zero, then it is
four point Soyuz, which is initialized as feels like.
By default, it will not be quick and like.
It will mean in the terminal window and this will remain open.
So by default, there is no grid, so it isn't initialize as follows.
Similarly, for four, it is initialized, as do four by default list.
That data is going to trade through the list of songs and then each playlist size is real, then system.
It is going to in like this string, and the string says that this playlist have no song.
So this playlist has no song.
So yes, if there are no songs in the playlist, then obviously nothing is going to be.
I'll put it in the terminal.
It will obviously apparent that there are no songs in the playlist.
Of course, as if there are any songs present in the plan is, then this is going to bring.
Now playing as a string and no object is saying that let's start later Dark nights, not Nordstrom.
So I can explain this here.
So this now plain song and the title and the duration we are using those string to convert the double
data type of generation in the form of a string.
So now playing is already a string and so that we have converted everything to a string using this door
string method in Java.
So this is going to bring the down menu.
So after this, it is going to bring what is going to happen next.
And we are going to make the print menu function later.
Firstly, we have covered this supplemental plate function successfully.
Now let's see what is the next one?
We have to cover.
So after this incident, like suppose if you were not quite sure not, which is equally written as an
exclamation mark and the exclamation mark signifies not.
This is also one of the basic concepts of Java, and we call this exclamation mark as not operate.
We saw and often it did already, which was a logical operator.
Now we are coming across this not operator, which is a logical operator as well.
So Skynet is going to scan the integer and then.
Bracket after which?
And thus, Canada is going to be written as Sexy Dog Next line.
So next line.
OK, so now let's suppose that we have selected any key like any options now, what should be done next?
Like what are the consequences of pressing and selecting and new options?
So suppose that the user has selected zero.
So what is going to happen if you were selected as eagle?
So the program will be great and the random thing will stop executing and you will be out of the program
learning portion.
Now, suppose whatever the user presses one.
So we have to switch to the next song if user presses one.
Similarly, for kids, do we have to like replay the song, which is currently playing so we have to
write some simple functions in order to do so.
Now, if the user presses option three.
So yes, we have done with two options.
Yes.
So in four, we have to simply put into the playlist.
No, nothing more is required.
An option for us.
And again, in five, we have to simply print the menu again.
We have a print menu function already created.
So like we are going to create menu function simply on pressing the first option.
The menu will again going to be printed in the terminal window.
And last but not the least, we are going to delete the current song.
So for deleting the current song, we simply have to check and if and as foundation and if the playlist
size is seven zero, then we have to simply remove key one, which is going to iterate through the list
and simply remove the currently playing song.
And it will link the current song to the song like remove the current song and connect the previous
song to the next song.
Like, we have three iTunes of a present song like current song of previous song.
Suppose that this is previous song.
This is current song, and this is the next song.
So if we are playing this second one and be deleted now, what is going to happen and then?
So the link between this and this and this and this will be broken, so we have to connect that in order
to continue the process.
So we will connect the state and memories together and rest will remain the same.
Yes, the link between stand pages and pages and memory will be broken and everything will remain sim.
No more changes will be required and we will see that.
So we are going to create a switch type of statement.
We have already talked about it, like the Switch case statement.
The problem does this in the switch, and if any exception arise, then it will break through the case
and jump to the next phase.
So we will see that.